Dbz 3437 incorrect documentation for message.key.columns (#2754)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

|[[oracle-property-message-key-columns]]<<oracle-property-message-key-columns, `+message.key.columns+`>>
|No default
|A list of expressions that specify the columns that the connector uses to form custom message keys for change event records that it publishes to the Kafka topics for specified tables.

By default, {prodname} uses the primary key column of a table as the message key for records that it emits.
In place of the default, or to specify a key for tables that lack a primary key, you can configure custom message keys based on one or more columns. +
 +
To establish a custom message key for a table, list the table, followed by the columns to use as the message key.
Each list entry takes the following format: +
 +
`_<fully-qualified_tableName>_:_<keyColumn>_,_<keyColumn>_` +
 +
To base a table key on multiple column names, insert commas between the column names.

Each fully-qualified table name is a regular expression in the following format: +
 +

> `_<pdbName>_._<tableName>_` +

Reviewer: @Naros could you check this out: is the PDB name actually part of this? Or is it just schema name + table name?

Reviewer 2: @gunnarmorling Looking at the integration tests it seems the user can supply the format as either `<pdbName>.<schemaName>.<tableName>` or `<schemaName>.<tableName>` and it works.

@roldanbob I don't agree, if you look at the diff the original published document uses the format:
`<pdbName>.<schemaName>.<tableName>`
however the changed view of the oracle.adoc now says:
`<pdbName>.<tableName>`

I would say we should prefer the second flavor for consistency with most other connectors and this line actually be 

```suggestion
`_<schemaName>_._<tableName>_` +
```

Author: @Naros @gunnarmorling  Oh, shoot! Sorry, you're right, of course. I had created a new boilerplate description and had noted that there were exceptions for Oracle and MySQL from the `schemaName.table.Name` value that most of the connectors use, but in my notes I only focused on the `pdbName` part. 

So, wait, you're saying that besides just making the correction, I should change the value to `schemaName.tableName`, and not mention `pdbName` at all? If that's the case, then my error was useful in bringing this to your attention. ;)

I'll fix and push the change.

Reviewer 2: >  should change the value to schemaName.tableName, and not mention pdbName at all?

Correct @roldanbob.  This way it's consistent with connectors like db2 / sqlserver.

Author: Ok, got it. Thank you for the input.

Author: BTW, in a search of the document I found other references to `pdbName.schemaName.tableName` in the description for `column.mask.hash._<hashAlgorithm>_.with.salt._<salt>_` on L2001, `column.truncate.to._length_.chars` on L2107, and `column.mask.with._length_.chars` on L2116. 

Should I likewise change those?

Reviewer: Good question; I'd be inclined to say that the PDB name shouldn't be required, as currently the connector will always work within the context of a single PDB (similar to as we for instance don't require the database name for similar options for the Postgres connector, as it is connected to a single DB). This _may_ change in the future (see work happening by @morozov for DBZ-2975 for SQL Server), but we're not there yet. But it's why I wouldn't actively unsupport the PDB name being given in these options either, I'd only not document it for now.

Reviewer 2: Hi @roldanbob, yes this works in an identical way as the `message.key.columns` where the connector supports both the syntax with and without the PDB database name.  So +1 to @gunnarmorling suggestion that let's just document it without the `pdbName` portion and we'll add that back in when we explore multi-tenancy support with the Oracle connector.

Author: > let's just document it without the `pdbName` portion and we'll add that back in when we explore multi-tenancy support with the Oracle connector.

Ok, cool. Thanks. I'll make the changes now.

Reviewer 3: For reference, here's a potentially related PR: https://github.com/debezium/debezium/pull/2755. Not sure if it affects this exact feature though (at least not according to the tests).

By default, {prodname} uses the primary key column of a table as the message key for records that it emits.
In place of the default, or to specify a key for tables that lack a primary key, you can configure custom message keys based on one or more columns. +
To establish a custom message key for a table, list the table, followed by the columns to use as the message key.
Each list entry takes the following format: +
 +
   `_<fullyQualifiedTableName>_`:``_<keyColumn>_``,``_<keyColumn>``_ +
 +
To base a table key on multiple column names, insert commas between the column names. +
Each fully-qualified table name is a regular expression in the following format: +
 +
`_<schemaName>_._<tableName>_` +
 +
The property can include entries for multiple tables.
Use a semicolon to separate table entries in the list. +
 The following example sets the message key for the tables `inventory.customers` and `purchase.orders`: +
 +
`inventory.customers:pk1,pk2;(.*).purchaseorders:pk3,pk4` +
 +
For the table `inventory.customer`, the columns `pk1` and `pk2` are specified as the message key.

> For the `purchaseorders` tables in any pluggable database, the columns `pk3` and `pk4` server as the message key. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `purchaseorders` tables in any schema, the columns `pk3` and `pk4` server as the message key. +
```
